---
layout: post
title: Cross-Site Request Forgery
subtitle: An attack using a user's session
cover-img: /assets/img/CSRF_banner.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/CSRF_banner.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/CSRF_banner.jpg
tags: [cybersecurity, sessions, cookies]
readtime: true
---

### What is Cross-Site Request Forgery?

Cross-site request forgery, also known as XSRF, is a web security vulnerability, where an attacker tricks the client, browser in this case, to perform malicious acts on a website unintentionally. More specifically, A XSRF attack forces a user to send a forged HTTP request to a web application.

### Cross-Site Requests

Before we dive deeper into what a XSRF is, let's focus on what a Cross-Site Request is first. Let's say you're browsing a website, and you come across an embedded video on that website. The video may appear to be on that website but it's actually being embedded from YouTube. The website was able to request data from another website on your behalf. This normally isn't an issue and can heighten a user's experience on your web application. However, what if this request is authenticated via a session cookie? The web server receiving this request processes the client as authenticated because the session cookie says the user is authenticated. Now the trust between a server and user has been compromised.

### Cross-Site Request Forgeries
Now it's time to learn how to create our own XSRF! #hacker😁(USA Government, if you're reading this, please don't arrest me) So how exactly does a XSRF attack work?

Two things must happen to produce a XSRF attack:
1) The attacker tricks a logged in user into loading a page or clicking a link, when the user clicks the link, the script injected by the attacker runs.

2) The attacker sends a legitimate-looking HTTP request from the user's browser. The website processes the request without distinguishing whether the request is sent by the actual user or the XSRF attacker.

# Let's create our own!
